Add LLM descriptions to generated OpenAPI Spec (#1)
Superflows-AI/openapi-llm: README.md

<a name="readme-top"></a>

[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Superflows-AI/openapi-llm">

>     <img src="resources/logo.svg" alt="LLM for OpenAPI DevTool" width="300" height="250">

Reviewer: Superflows doesn't look centred in the black box? Looks off to the left

Reviewer: Missed this one?

  </a>

  <p align="center" style="max-width: 600px;">

>     Generate a OpenAPI Specification in real time for any app or website, and get the endpoints and parameters described in natural language. A browser extension that discovers API behaivour via your interactions with a product or website, and then uses an LLM to describe the API endpoints discovered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Generate a OpenAPI Specification in real time for any app or website, including descriptions of endpoints and parameters. A browser extension that discovers API behaviour via your interactions with a product or website, and then uses an LLM to describe the API endpoints discovered.
```

    <br />
    <br />

    This project is a fork of OpenAPI Devtools. Check out the <a href="https://github.com/AndrewWalsh/openapi-devtools"> original tool here. </a>

    <br />
    <br />

>     The <a href="https://www.superflows.ai/"> Superflows </a> team extended the functionality of the original tool after building AI assistants using OpenAPI specifications. We found it useful to have natural language descriptions in OpenAPI Specifications, both for human understanding and to increasing the reliability of AI assistants reading them. 

Reviewer: The text here is messed up, not sure why: https://github.com/Superflows-AI/openapi-llm/tree/filter-endpoints-by-selected#:~:text=a%20OpenAPI%20Specification

<a name="readme-top"></a>

[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Superflows-AI/openapi-llm">
    <img src="resources/logo.svg" alt="LLM for OpenAPI DevTool" width="300" height="250">
  </a>
</div>

<br />

 Generate a OpenAPI Specification in real time for any app or website, including descriptions of endpoints and parameters.

<br />

A browser extension that discovers API behaviour via your interactions with a product or website, and then uses an LLM to describe the API endpoints discovered.

<br />

> This project is a fork of OpenAPI Devtools. Check out the <a href="https://github.com/AndrewWalsh/openapi-devtools"> original tool here. </a>

Reviewer: Personally would only include this (if at all) lower down since it's already obvious from Github (it says this is a fork and gives the link to what this is a fork of already)

<br />

> The <a href="https://www.superflows.ai/"> Superflows </a> team extended the functionality of the original tool after building AI assistants using OpenAPI specifications. We found it useful to have natural language descriptions in OpenAPI Specifications, both for human understanding and to increasing the reliability of AI assistants using them to make API calls (also recommended elsewhere, such as by [Anthropic](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/tool-use#best-practices-for-tool-definitions)). 

Reviewer: I recommend moving the video above this because the video is 10/10 and draws attention and explains value prop v quickly etc

## About The Project

<p align="center" width="100%">
    <img width="80%" src="resources/demo.gif">
</p>

<p>
OpenAPI-LLM is built on top of the OpenAPI DevTools browser extension that generates OpenAPI specifications in real time from network requests. Once installed it adds a new tab to DevTools called `OpenAPI`. While the tool is running, it automatically converts network requests into a specification. You can then select endpoints you would like to have a natural language descriptions for, and generate descriptions of endpoints and parameters. 

> We customised this for the use case of feeding these OpenAPI Specifications to LLMs or AI agents. LLMs and AI typically require thorough descriptions of endpoints to use them well. 

Reviewer: Potentially should link to [this section](https://docs.anthropic.com/claude/docs/tool-use#best-practices-for-tool-definitions) to make the point stronger that descriptions are important for LLM -> API?

>     <img width="80%" src="resources/demo.gif">

Reviewer: Cool gif! :smile: 

My comments are:
1. I would try to make it a little easier to understand what the tool does - few ideas come to mind:
  a.  Imo the original using Wikipedia entry on OpenAPI specs is smart because it makes it obvious what the tool is about (it says OpenAPI Specification in big letters) - the 'Watch history is off' side of the screen confused me
  b. Having the sidebar wider would help us understand which side of the screen to focus on
2. It takes a little while to get to the aha moment - I would try and reduce this as much as possible

</p>

> OpenAPI-LLM is built on top of the OpenAPI DevTools browser extension that generates OpenAPI specifications in real time from network requests. Once installed it adds a new tab to DevTools called `OpenAPI`. While the tool is open it automatically converts network requests into a specification. With the Superflows built LLM description functionality, you can then select which endpoints you would like to have a natural language descriptions for, and send the information to GPT4. The descriptions of endpoints and parameters will then be placed into the OpenAPI Specification. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenAPI-LLM is built on top of the OpenAPI DevTools browser extension that generates OpenAPI specifications in real time from network requests. Once installed it adds a new tab to DevTools called `OpenAPI`. While the tool is running, it automatically converts network requests into a specification. You can then select endpoints you would like to have a natural language descriptions for, and generate descriptions of endpoints and parameters. 
```
